OSP IPI and UPI without FIPs - OSDOCS 1288 and 1275 (#25216)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-installer-custom.adoc

include::modules/installation-launching-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/installation-osp-verifying-cluster-status.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/cli-logging-in-kubeadmin.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Next steps

* xref:../../installing/install_config/customizations.adoc#customizations[Customize your cluster].
* If necessary, you can
xref:../../support/remote_health_monitoring/opting-out-of-remote-health-reporting.adoc#opting-out-remote-health-reporting_opting-out-remote-health-reporting[opt out of remote health reporting].
* If you need to enable external access to node ports, xref:../../networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-nodeport.adoc#nw-using-nodeport_configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-nodeport[configure ingress cluster traffic by using a NodePort].

> * If you didn't configure {rh-openstack} to accept application traffic over floating IP addresses, xref:../../post_installation_configuration/network-configuration.adoc#installation-osp-configuring-api-floating-ip_post-install-network-configuration[configure {rh-openstack} access with floating IP addresses].

Reviewer: You have several contractions in this PR. You need to remove them.

```suggestion
* If you did not configure {rh-openstack} to accept application traffic over floating IP addresses, xref:../../post_installation_configuration/network-configuration.adoc#installation-osp-configuring-api-floating-ip_post-install-network-configuration[configure {rh-openstack} access with floating IP addresses].
```
